CKD dataset update (#185)
eradiate/eradiate: CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements and fixes

> * Added complete support for CKD simulations in AFGL 1986 reference atmospheres ({ghpr}`185`).

Reviewer: I suggest to rephrase this like as follows (a little more descriptive regarding your PR contents):
```suggestion
* Add support for all missing AFGL 1986 reference atmospheres in CKD mode ({ghpr}`185`).
```
